feature/26: Adapted to read test config from JSON (#27)
exasol/exasol-test-setup-abstraction-java: README.md

}
```

> The `ExasolTestSetupFactory` in the example return a test setup for an AWS cluster if the specified config file (`cloudSetup/generated/testConfig.json`) exists. Otherwise, it returns a test setup based on a local running Exasol-Testconatiner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ExasolTestSetupFactory` in the example returns a test setup for an AWS cluster if the specified config file (`cloudSetup/generated/testConfig.json`) exists. Otherwise, it returns a test setup based on a local running Exasol-Testcontainer.
```

> Usually you generate the `testConfig.json` by the Terraform module [terraform-aws-exasol-test-setup >= 1.0.0](https://github.com/exasol/terraform-aws-exasol-test-setup/). For details see the [guide for setting up a project with cloud resources](doc/user_guide/setup_project_with_cloud_resources.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually you generate the `testConfig.json` using the Terraform module [terraform-aws-exasol-test-setup >= 1.0.0](https://github.com/exasol/terraform-aws-exasol-test-setup/). For details see the [guide for setting up a project with cloud resources](doc/user_guide/setup_project_with_cloud_resources.md).
```

❓
